Add Docker Desktop limit for Scout analysis (#17777)
docker/docs: scout/index.md

### Docker Desktop

> **Note**
>

> > There is a 3gb size limit on images analyzed by Docker Scout in Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is a 3GB size limit on images analyzed by Docker Scout in Docker Desktop.
```

Another thing for the Style Guide?

Author: @aevesdocker Actually, it's already there, I wonder why the vale rule didn't pick it up, I will take a look…

> > There is a 3GB size limit on images analyzed by Docker Scout in Docker Desktop.

Author: ```suggestion
> There is a 3 GB size limit on images analyzed by Docker Scout in Docker Desktop.
```
